FP:1 MATCH 3D OBJECTS:
    this impelmenation will be in camfusionstudent.cpp file under matchboundingboxes.
    firstly i iterate through all the matches and get current and previous frame keypoint and then itearte though previousframe bounding box 
    and check whether this contains previous frame point and then same for the current fram bounding box and point too.
    if its contained in both then i count these and add in the zeros matrix that i created.
    after that i get the bounding box with the highest matches and the respective indices.

FP:2 LIDAR BASED TTC
    This impelmenation will be also in camfusionstudent.cpp file.
    i iterate through all the lidar matches and check whether its with in ego lane and add the corresponding x values.
    then i take the median value of x to caluculate the distance.

FP:3 ASSOCIATE KEYPOINT CORRESPONDENCE WITH BOUNDING BOXES
    This impelmenation will be also in camfusionstudent.cpp file.
    I iterate through all the kptmatches and calculate the distance and wit the that i calculate mean.
    then i check whether it is with in bounding box and distance is less than mean if yes then i add this kptmatch.

FP:4 CAMERA BASED TTC
    This impelmenation will be also in camfusionstudent.cpp file.
    This is based on the exercise in previous lesson.here we check for the distance ratio of two keypoint pair whether its with in 
    specified distance threshold.if yes we add those point and calculate the median minxprev and minxcurr values nad use it to calculate TTC.

FP;5 PERFORMANCE EVALUATION 1
    since i used the median values concept in computing ttc lidar i didnt find any unreasonable TTC lidar value.
    in contrast i have found unreasonable ttc camera values.please see "fp5&6" and "fp5&6.1" sheet in "check.xls" file.
    

FP:6 PERFORMANCE EVALUATION 2
    Please see "results" sheet in "check.xls" file .i calcuated the mean,standard deviation for all TTC values for different detector/ descriptor
    combination.
    i conclude the below 3 as top combination
    1.FAST AND BRIEF
    2.SHITOMASI AND BRISK
    3.FAST and ORB